Add a doc about deploy failures (#2907)
pingcap/docs-tidb-operator: en/deploy-failures.md

- The certificates used by TiDB or TiProxy components are not configured.

You can check the specific reason for Pending by using the `kubectl describe pod` command:

```shell
kubectl describe po -n ${namespace} ${pod_name}
```

### CPU or memory resources are insufficient

If the CPU or memory resources are insufficient, you can lower the CPU or memory resources requested by the corresponding component for scheduling, or add a new Kubernetes node.

### StorageClass of the PVC does not exist

If the `StorageClass` of the PVC cannot be found, take the following steps:

1. Get the available `StorageClass` in the cluster:

    ```shell
    kubectl get storageclass
    ```

2. Change `storageClassName` to the name of the `StorageClass` available in the cluster.

3. Update the configuration file:

    If you want to run a backup/restore task, first execute `kubectl delete bk ${backup_name} -n ${namespace}` to delete the old backup/restore task, and then execute `kubectl apply -f backup.yaml` to create a new backup/restore task.

4. Delete the corresponding PVCs:

    ```shell
    kubectl delete pvc -n ${namespace} ${pvc_name}
    ```

### Insufficient available PVs

> If a `StorageClass` exists in the cluster but the available PV is insufficient, you need to add PV resources correspondingly.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
If a `StorageClass` exists in the cluster but the available PVs are insufficient, you need to add PV resources correspondingly.
```

## The Pod is in the `CrashLoopBackOff` state

A Pod in the `CrashLoopBackOff` state means that the container in the Pod repeatedly aborts (in the loop of abort - restart by `kubelet` - abort). There are many potential causes of `CrashLoopBackOff`.

### View the log of the current container

```shell
kubectl -n ${namespace} logs -f ${pod_name}
```

### View the log when the container was last restarted

```shell
kubectl -n ${namespace} logs -p ${pod_name}
```

After checking the error messages in the log, you can refer to [Cannot start `tidb-server`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/troubleshoot-tidb-cluster#cannot-start-tidb-server), [Cannot start `tikv-server`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/troubleshoot-tidb-cluster#cannot-start-tikv-server), and [Cannot start `pd-server`](https://docs.pingcap.com/tidb/stable/troubleshoot-tidb-cluster#cannot-start-pd-server) for further troubleshooting.

> ### `ulimit` is not big enough
> 
> TiKV might fail to start when `ulimit` is not big enough. In this case, you can modify the `/etc/security/limits.conf` file of the Kubernetes node to increase the `ulimit`:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
### `ulimit` is not large enough

TiKV might fail to start when `ulimit` is not large enough. In this case, you can modify the `/etc/security/limits.conf` file of the Kubernetes node to increase the `ulimit`:
```
